better quickstart for application (#1549)
crossplane/crossplane: docs/getting-started/run-applications.md

* _Application Operators_ compose, deploy, and run application configurations.

We'll play the roles of each of these team members as we deploy an application -

> Service Tracker - that consists of several micro services. One of these services, the

Reviewer: I'd prefer to just say "services" without putting any comment on the size or shape of those services. There's a recent trend away from assuming all distributed systems are made of _micro_ services.

Author: ACK, I thought it's a typo.

> published a PostgreSQLInstance with at least one working Composition in order
> to create the OAM application we'll use in this guide.

> ## Infrastructure Operator

Reviewer: I was considering adding headings like this too - I think they're a good idea.

### Install OAM build-in workloads and traits

As the infrastructure operator our work is almost done - we defined, published,
and composed the infrastructure  that our application developer and operator

> team-mates will use in the previous guide. One task remains is, we must define 

Reviewer: The original "One task remains for us, which is to" is more grammatically correct than the proposed "One task remains is, we must".

Reviewer 2: Incidentally I think the preexisting hyphenation of "team-mate" is old-fashioned/British. "teammate" would be more conventional :)

Reviewer: I have no feelings either either way on team-mate/teammate. I think I copied the hypenated example from another document then stuck with that for consistency.

the [_workloads_] and [_traits_] that our platform supports. We'll discuss workloads 
and traits in more detail later.

The infrastructure operator could choose which workloads
and traits their platform supports by creating or deleting `WorkloadDefinitions`

> and `TraitDefinitions` like below:

Reviewer: Is the goal of your proposed sentence to replace the below paragraph, which you've removed further down? Can you explain what your thinking is here?

> Once the addon is installed we must define the [_workloads_] and [_traits_] that our platform supports. OAM applications consist of workloads, each of which may be modified by traits. The infrastructure operator may choose which workloads and traits their platform supports by creating or deleting `WorkloadDefinitions` and `TraitDefinitions`. We'll discuss workloads and traits in more detail below.

Author: No. That paragraph is just split and place to different place.

Reviewer: Can you help me understand where and why?

As meta feedback it's a little hard to review when the context of this PR is "make the guide better", without explaining what you felt needed improving about the guide or how you feel you've improved it. What is or is not good documentation is highly subjective. I'd definitely open to improving this guide, but some of these changes feel a little arbitrary without context.

Author: Can we migrate this comment to https://github.com/crossplane/crossplane/pull/1549#discussion_r427740956?

These two comments are duplicated essentially.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: WorkloadDefinition
metadata:
  name: containerizedworkloads.core.oam.dev
spec:
  definitionRef:
    name: containerizedworkloads.core.oam.dev
``` 
Run the following command to add support for the build-in workloads and traits required

> by this guide:

Reviewer: This should be "built-in", not "build-in". I suggest we remove or rephrase "built-in" though - it's not clear to me what it means in the context of this guide.

Author: These controllers are for [core](https://github.com/oam-dev/spec/blob/master/3.workload.md#core-workload) and [standard](https://github.com/oam-dev/spec/blob/master/3.workload.md#standard-workload) OAM workloads/traits/scopes. Feel free to find a better word or I will just use core and standard instead.

Reviewer: The controllers are, but keep in mind we're also adding a workload definition for `MySQLInstanceRequirement`, which is not built-in/core/standard.

Author: > The controllers are,

The controllers are what we installed below, no?

Author: Oh, built-in should be deleted from this line. The built-in is for name of controllers.

```console
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crossplane/crossplane/master/docs/snippets/run/definitions.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you help me understand why you feel that it's better to define workloads before installing the addon, rather than after?

Author: If you think `Definitions` as CRD (which is the intention), "addon" as controllers (which indeed are), it would be easier to get my point for this change.

> Among them, OAM core workloads and traits will need to install corresponding controllers 
> as OAM addon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we've defined our workloads and traits, we must install Crossplane's OAM addon. This addon
packages the controllers that reconcile core OAM workloads and traits.
```
